CONSOLE-3654: console-plugin-template repository should support localization (#47)
openshift/console-plugin-template: README.md

### Installing the Helm Chart

Install the chart using the name of the plugin as the Helm release name into a new namespace or an existing namespace as specified by the `plugin_console-plugin-template` parameter and providing the location of the image within the `plugin.image` parameter by using the following command:

```shell
helm upgrade -i  my-plugin charts/openshift-console-plugin -n plugin__console-plugin-template --create-namespace --set plugin.image=my-plugin-image-location
```

NOTE: When deploying on OpenShift 4.10, it is recommended to add the parameter `--set plugin.securityContext.enabled=false` which will omit configurations related to Pod Security.

> NOTE: Please adhere to the specified namespace format `plugin__<name-of-the-plugin>` when defining namespaces. The name of the plugin should be extracted from the `consolePlugin` declaration within the [package.json](package.json) file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: When defining i18n namespace, adhere `plugin__<name-of-the-plugin>` format. The name of the plugin should be extracted from the `consolePlugin` declaration within the [package.json](package.json) file.
```
